Hide in the studio I would like to talk a bit more about back propagation and basically we have the
input layer the hidden layer and the output layer as usual.
So why this algorithm has the name back propagation.
Basically when we started the algorithm we are going to feed the network with the input data.
So we start from the input layer and we go in the direction of the output layer like this.
Then the hidden roans then the output layer and we calculate the output.
So this is the four stage we keep going from the input layer in the direction of the output layer feeder
or now not with the input data and calculate the output according to the actuates.
But after that we are going to do quite the opposite.
We start at the output.
OK we have the sum basically the activation of the output.
Then we have to calculate the gradient the no data then the arrow basically.
And then we are going to go in the opposite direction starting from the output layer in the direction
of the input layer.
So we go back and we start at the output.
Now we're on danda hidden rounds and we keep updating the adulate accordingly.
So this is the back of her process.
We update the adulate starting from the output layer.
This is why it's called back propagation because as far as the training is concerned we start at the
output and we keep going back Verd basically and we keep updating the edges here.
And then the edges here.
So hence the name back propagation.
Thanks for watching.